Hi, this document is to improve our working relationship. In Q3 of 2018 I was an Indeed University lead. I have been at Indeed 3+ years. I am very excited to join the Platform team and execute on the vision.

# My Job(s)
Product Manager
* Ensure the team is focused on the most impactful work
* Set meaningful goals that improve employer experience to get people hired
* Create alignment with other product teams to achieve our goals
* Identify and simplify implementation requirements
* Improve the working relationship of the team
* Mentor other PM’s and Engineers on the build-measure-learn process

# Communication
I don’t believe in having quick response times. I’d rather have less communication of higher quality.

*Email:* I prefer emails over meetings. My email agreement:
I will…
1. Read your email
2. Respond with clear action items for me and you

If you ...
1. Have a clear subject.
2. Have a clear request. 
3. Provide enough context so I don’t need to ask follow up questions.

*Chat:* I am sometimes responsive to chats. I check chat as frequently as email and I dedicate more time to email than I do chats.

*Comments on Jira Issues:* Must use my username (@magan) in the comment or it's unlikely I will see the notification. 

*In Person:* I understand some conversations are sensitive. Those conversations should happen in meetings.

*Meetings:* I keep 99% of my calendar events public and default to allow-modify by guests; that means you can move the meeting without asking me. Please provide a clear agenda.

*Outside of Work:* I make every effort to shutdown after 5pm from work. I have my phone number on my personal wiki page for emergencies. I can't guarantee I check anything else.

*At my desk:* I am a strong believer in being focused. I ask that you respect when I am trying to be focused and find times to chat that don’t interrupt me. I understand that this may mean having to wait a bit longer for response or go digging for information. My promise to you is to extend you the same courtesy. Let me know if something is hard to find I will make a point to make it easier to find.

# Our Average Week

## 1:1’s
I plan to schedule 1:1 time with everyone that I have a meaningful working relationship. This may not be every week.

## Stand Up
Stand ups should be something you want to attend! I’ve participated in many stand ups that are mindless status updates. Let’s try and keep it interesting for everyone in attendance, otherwise let’s cancel.

## Planning Meetings
My goal is to have the minimum planning meetings necessary. I strongly encourage people to meet in small groups to make decisions instead of large groups. People’s time is extremely valuable and I want to respect that.

## Emails
I plan to use email as way of communicating with the team instead of meetings. I find most meetings are to save one person time at the cost of everyone else. I strongly encourage emails, documents, or agendas, instead of unstructured, “let’s discuss” meetings.

# Work Hours
I usually arrive to work around 8:30am and stay until up to 5:00pm every day. I take lunch at 12pm-12:30pm every day, than take a break.

# How I Can Help You

## Provide the Why
I am strong believer in that you should feel strongly about the work you are doing. If it’s unclear to you why something is important let me know. I failed in providing you the proper context. If the purpose of anything about the work you are doing, the goals, the mission or a meeting is unclear to you let me know.

## Help you Simplify
I believe strongly in the power of simplicity. You can accomplish more and better in less time if you actively simplify the requirements. At Indeed I have seen over and over again how a simple solution out performs a more complex one.

## Measured Value
At Indeed we often say “If you can’t measure it, you can’t improve it.” I can help you identify, what to measure, how to measure it, and provide help measuring the value generated by your work.

## Empathy
Do my best to listen and understand your perspective. I am working on people not having to repeat themselves to get me to hear their idea/concern/perspective.

# How You Can Help Me

## Help Me, Help You
I can't read minds, at least not yet. If something is wrong in your world I can't make it better if I am not told.

## Ask Questions
Feel free to follow up with me over email or in person with questions about anything. If I have them I will provide them.

## Own What You Work On
I’d rather you not start working on something if you don’t want to own it to completion. We all take on work we feel obligated to do. I don’t want you to do that on my team. If you think the work is pointless or don’t care let me know.

# My Philosophy of Work

## Leadership is Earned, Not Given
Leaders are people who others want to follow. No matter your title or role there are varying degrees of leadership in different domains. If you want to be a leader, then find ways to earn that responsibility from your co-workers, in all directions.

## Failure is the Best Teacher
If you aren't failing as person, team or product than you are pushing the limits of what you can do. It's only through pushing the current limits that you can grow.

## Less but Better
The Pareto Principle or 80/20 rule, suggest that there is a limited amount of work that will get you the majority of the benefit. It's my experience that teams with too many "priorities" often under deliver on the few things that have the highest impact. 

## Bias for Action
In my experience, it's better to start on something half-baked than it is to wait. The counterbalance to this philosophy is to be aware of the down-side risk. If you don’t act negligently, people, users included, are extremely forgiving.

## Strong Opinions, Weakly Held
We hired you because we think you can contribute to our mission to help people get jobs. That means we want you to have opinions, but we also want you to be self-aware of your assumptions and biases.


